I remember and I had been able to experience many blessings from Jehovah
able to go on different assignments
with
Paraguay, Nigeria, Zambia, and
Then we packed up all of our belongings from home
Took up everything in our life and drove across the United States from California to Patterson and
Well then a couple of months
She was diagnosed with ALS
We were crushed
drove back to California and there we
Just tried to do everything we can to help her nothing worked and she passed away and so all this
Extremely difficult. She was my best friend. I received a
I got an encouraging card from my sister just help on me to try and keep moving forward and one of the thoughts in there was this
particular scripture in Psalm 18
verse 29
By God's power I can scale a wall and sometimes our trials feel just like that
They feel something that you just can't get over and it's impossible to climb a wall and there's nothing to grab onto
The trial it may feel this way to us
But again the scripture says that by God's power I can scale this wall
So sticking with the goal of pioneering
Help me to get moving and then help me to also
Want to try and reach out for other goals, which is
Going back to do temple work at Bethel. It's a privilege to be able to go to Bethel and
Every day you're working for Jehovah
It was nice to be able to be with the friends
They were always so very very encouraging and I know that
Working with them and working on a theocratic project
Helped to motivate me to keep moving
To feel more positive
It serves an elder in the congregation
So it's still trying to do my assignments and to try and be on shepherding visits and
Been something to keep my mind out on myself, but I'm I'm trying to to help others
It's always encouraging to be out in the ministry and to be with the friends and they have different levels of
Anxieties and problems health issues and other things that they deal with when you talk to them and you
They encourage you to interchange of encouragement to be out in the ministry with the friends
Miriam and I always had a regular habit of
Personal study and we did it together
We left to bounce ideas off of each other and we would share points that we had dug up
Now even more so for myself. I feel it's important
Because it helps me to keep motivated to help me to keep finding those points and also
It's a good memories of something that we did together that we enjoyed
So I stick to my spiritual routine
But I also have a physical routine
I'll mountain bike
three four times a week and to be in Jehovah's creation and beyond the trails
It helps me to be able to have time to pray and to meditate
And I can talk to Jehovah and be able to express myself
Jehovah what he has in store for each and every one of us is not what we're dealing with now
But it's going to be paradise conditions not have the issues that we're dealing with today
Jehovah's helped me scale the wall
help me move forward